Hello everyone and welcome to change a level to now that you've reached level two.
Let's quickly review the previous topics from jingle level 1.
Those topics for setting up projects and applications creating views and mapping your L's to those views
using simple templates and tags and then serving static media files.
In this lecture we will do a run through of the workflow aspects we've learned about so far to get a
quick review on all those topics and we're going to be using that to project folders from Gengel level
one more single level too.
If you accidentally deleted those folders or don't have them anymore you can always get them from the
downloaded notes OK.
Level 2 will begin to discuss models and databases and how to use them with Django.
We're also going to be discussing how to use the admin interface before we do that though.
Let's get started with a quick overview of Gengel level 1 and then the next lecture will get started
with the Gengel level two topics going to hop over to the editor now.
All right here I am at the editor.
I have a new folder called Django lectures that I've been working for and basically we're going to do
here is just do a very quick run through of all the topics we did in a level one won't be doing a whole
lot of explanation just kind of a general run through of the workflow.
You should be used to by now.
So first things first we want to start a project so I will say Django admin call start project and then
name the actual project.
I'm going to be using the same names we use in Gengel level 1.
Feel free to change them here.
I'll just call it like we did in the jingle of a one first project.
So I say Gengel admins start project first project and then they get a new folder here with first project.
The project folder settings Your else and then managed up-I great.
Now the next thing we have to do is actually create the application to do that and go into CD into that
first project file and then I will call Python called the managed up PI file and then after that I will
call start up and I'll call my first application first app just like we did in a level one.
Again you can change name and here we have first at.
Great and then one is going to be doing is messing around the views up-I py file your Elle's up-I file
and first project and then also I need to create a stop file for a first app and the last do some template
folders etc..
But let's continue on.
Let's create a view.
So I will open up the used up high and I have from Django without shortcuts import render.
We initially started with the HTP response view but will use render here and I will call the f and we'll
just do an index view.
So at the request and let's put a dictionary here so we can also practice those template tags.
I'll say my dictionary and then will say inserts content or whatever you want to call it and then say
hello I'm from first at and then we will call return render and into the render function.
I'll pass on that request and then I'm also going to pass in the first score app..
Slash index the H T.M..
I will need to set that up and then also call the actual context to be equal to that context dictionary
which was that my dictionary file.
So we'll save that and the next thing I have to do is set up the actual index that each team will file
and then set up the URL mappings will do the WGL mappings.
Basically create a URL mapping call in first project to go to the py file.
Inside first that Selsey a new file.
Inside first app call it your Elle's.
Hi and then I'm going to say from Django configuration or N.C.O. NF you are else import your function
and then I will say from first underscore at import views so that views that py file or create a list
called your patterns and then inside of this list I'm going to have the Yoro function call and I'll
use regular expressions just to indicate that this is essentially at the index and then we'll say the
use index.
So actually call that index and then we say name is equal to index or remember this view is that in
the x ray here that's just if I go to use that PI that's this function call right here.
OK.
So have you are also a PI working inside an application.
But then I need to fix my first project or I'll thought PI to make sure that's going to call it correctly
so let's scroll all the way down here.
And right now I have the basic admen.
I'm going to add to this and I want to do it with the include function that we learned about.
So I import that from jingoes that configuration that you URLs so I will say just comma include and
then over here I'm going to add in.
Will say your L and I can even do something like.
First underscore app to take care of those file paths.
Really you can kind of play around this and then we'll say include when I'll say first underscore app
dot or else.
So let's save that and then let's also just add in the view for the actual index page so say our.
And then I will say regular expression those caret signs.
And let's add in the single quote.
There's that's all wrapped are called views index and then say name index.
So that's kind of just showing what we did last time here.
Let's put the comma there.
Save this.
You know what's nice about this is if you ever feel forgetful about these different methods here that
I'm showing you can just scroll up and the Django the default you are also PI file actually has the
instructions.
So it tells you how to do the function view which we kind of showed this views the whole name is equal
to home.
That was the very first example here for the named main index page class based views we're going to
talk about that later on.
But then we also have the your L configuration which we just showed here.
Would that include function.
So anything at first that goes the first step but your else and the next what we want to do is set up
those template files.
So I'm going to create a new file under first projects so say new file you will call it templates and
oh whoops I meant folder.
My apologies here.
Move that to trash create a new folder called templates enter.
And then inside of this create another folder that shares your application name.
In my case we'll cut the application in the same to the first.
So expand templates expand first.
That way I can start finding it and inside of this I'm going to create that actual index let each.
So I will say new file here indexed h T.M. and there's my index studied him l file and we can also link
it to see SS or those static images that we showed from jungle level 1.
So let's walk through those very basic examples.
I'm going to start typing HVM l will say hello for the title and then I'm going to leave this.
And inside the body I put a heading one that says Hello.
This is a test page and then let's actually show how we can import some stuff.
And since it's just teks what I'm going to do is say inside of this we'll put it inside heading to create
those template tags and then call whatever the actual key was.
If I come back to use it was insert content.
So I'll come back here.
And then just put in inserts contents.
Save it.
Nice that Adam has helped me out there as well.
And then the last thing we need to do to make sure this all actually works is we need to fix the settings
file or not fix but add to the settings file so we have all the directories.
So that way I know where my templates are.
And we also created static.
Their victory is earlier but we weren't sure how to do this static file since it's almost the same as
the template files so I'll say it's going to be the base their victory and then we'll say templates
and that's the name of our templates folder.
OK.
Save that.
That looks good.
And then let's scroll down and make sure it's the actual the IRS key.
So if we scroll all the way down here we had the IRS let's say template DJR comma save OK.
So now let's test this all out by actually saying Python managed up-I run server.
So let's make sure this is saved.
Come over here say Python managed up-I run server.
Enter now we might get those errors on the migrations.
Says use is not the find.
Let's make sure everything's OK.
OK that error actually makes sense because we forgot to just import over here and you are elsewhat pi.
So I come to your Allsopp pie and I should have imported this so I will save from
first app import buse.
Save that.
And now let's try again.
For me a system check what's nice is kind of automatically keeps trying let's copy and paste this into
our browser and make sure it works.
Then bring my browser over and there it is says hello.
This is a test page.
Hello I'm from.
First app.
Great.
Looks like it's all working.
And what you will also notice is because we didn't actually change it in that content here.
I also say if I say flash first app and I hit enter I get the same result Helo's test page Hello I'm
from first that but the basic Waitstill is working the same.
I was able to successfully connect first app and the index page to the first app or else it was basically
only a view and that is this index request.
OK.
Hopefully that was pretty good for you as a review and you have a full understanding of everything we
just did.
Now I would expect you to kind of zoom through it just like we did right now but hopefully understand
all the steps that we did.
And you can see that even with myself running through it this fast I kind of slipped up on that forgetting
to import the used up by.
But other than that it should be kind of straightforward as far as your workflow.
The very next chunk of all this is to actually connect the models and databases and then check out the
admin.
All right thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.